# Reimagining-Reviews-With-Sentence-Transformers | [Article Link](https://medium.com/@christian6251/reimagining-reviews-with-sentence-transformers-9103c6988f62)
Due to the ease at which a review can be made on websites like Yelp, they can often quickly build up to an overwhelming size, leaving most business owners puzzled as to what they should improve about their company first. However, through the usage of machine learning, it is possible to identify which topics are the predominant concerns of customers. Within this article, I will explain how we can leverage machine learning to pinpoint topics of interest across thousands of reviews that a business could focus on to drive better reviews for their business to rely less on the luck of the individual customer review.  

To complete this goal, this project primarily uses the VADER model to first visualize the inconsistencies of how humans apply sentiment to language. Then, a BERTopic model will be trained to demonstrate how reviews can be divided into topics that give businesses an area to focus on when striving for better Yelp, or other similar websites, reviews. Visit the `Business Attributes Dataset Modification Details` jupyter notebook to see how I modified one of the Yelp datasets in order to split businesses by categories and their attributes. Visit the `Reimagining Reviews With Sentence Transformers` jupyter notebook to interact with the code I used to write my respective article on this topic. Feel free to experiment with the code to find out any other interesting patterns with these reviews! 
